Improve types for tuples (#311)
ethereum-ts/TypeChain: .changeset/fair-paws-pay.md

---
'@typechain/ethers-v4': major
'@typechain/ethers-v5': major
---

Changed return type of functions from a object with number indexes, to an array merged with object containing named
outputs.

Before, solidity function like this:

```
function x() public pure returns (uint256)
```

Generated such method signature:

```typescript
x(overrides?: CallOverrides): Promise<{0: BigNumber}>;
```

New output is:

```typescript
x(overrides?: CallOverrides): Promise<[BigNumber]>;
```

> The difference is that now you can standard array destruction while working with output types.

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/666206/101153608-f447c980-3624-11eb-9372-1c5d2d3f0ece.png)
([docs](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Destructuring_assignment))
```suggestion
The difference is that now you can use standard array destructuring while working with output types.
There should be no changes needed to existing code.
```
